In the United Kingdom, there's British English, and in the United States, there's American English.
In Singapore, we have Singaporean English, or more commonly known as Singlish.
You can usually hear Singlish used for informal conversations and might be confused by its different standards of English.
So how exactly is Singlish different from British and American English?
And what do all the lah, leh and lor represent?
Singlish started when Singapore became an independent nation and introduced English into their country.
As a former colony of britain, Singapore used British English as their official language for their administrations.
If you were a Singaporean at that time, it would be the first time you would have proper classes and learn about the ABCs.
But back then, there was only a minority group of elites who were proficient in English.
The rest of Singapore's population consisted of the Chinese, Malays, and Indians, who were former migrants and only spoke their own native languages.